README.md, before:

# WordMemo
*A light-weight word / phrase memorizer made with python flask + html5 canvas which supports multiple users.*  
[Website](https://word.charles14.xyz/)

**Important Notice: The License is GNU General Public License. You must open source your project and let me know about it if your code is based on my code. Otherwise you will be held legally responsible!**

*It's only tested in python3.8 + Chrome / Firefox browser environment. But it should support python3.\* and most browsers.*
  
Current version: v3.1.1  

## About the project

The project has experienced 2 stages, the first one can only be used by single user and has limited functions, and the current one can be used by multiple users with Practice & Challenge & Offline Mode.  

Practice Mode is for you to memorize new words, while Challenge Mode is for you to test whether you memorized them.  
Offline Mode can be enabled when you or the server is offline, CloudFlare will show a snapshot of the website and the words are fetched from local word list.  
There are multiple settings for you to decide how you will memorize new words.  

You can import and export the wordlist in the format of .xlsx table files, it's so easy and simple!  

Words can be displayed in a list on webpage. You will be able to modify the list on webpage in the future.  

New users can only be invited by old users to prevent abuse, so they must enter an invitation code when registering. (You can allow any user to register by modifying the code)  
All users have their rights to download their data stored on the server or delete their account and wipe their data permanently.  

I'm hosting it on my own server and you can press [this link](https://word.charles14.xyz/) to get there.  
The website is archived by Wayback Machine for future offline functions (And if my server is offline, CloudFlare will display that archive)

## More Info

Please open an issue if you met any bugs during the use.  
You could also open an issue for good suggestions and I'll decide whether to add it.  
**This product can also be used to memorize any other thing such as formulas in Math!**

Commit message:

Allowed user to import to replace only conflicted words

README.md, after:

# WordMemo
*A light-weight word / phrase memorizer made with python flask + html5 canvas which supports multiple users.*  
[Website](https://word.charles14.xyz/)

**Important Notice: The License is GNU General Public License. You must open source your project and let me know about it if your code is based on my code. Otherwise you will be held legally responsible!**

*It's only tested in python3.8 + Chrome / Firefox browser environment. But it should support python3.\* and most browsers.*
  
Current version: v3.1.2  

## About the project

The project has experienced 2 stages, the first one can only be used by single user and has limited functions, and the current one can be used by multiple users with Practice & Challenge & Offline Mode.  

Practice Mode is for you to memorize new words, while Challenge Mode is for you to test whether you memorized them.  
Offline Mode can be enabled when you or the server is offline, CloudFlare will show a snapshot of the website and the words are fetched from local word list.  
There are multiple settings for you to decide how you will memorize new words.  

Word Books are supported! You can create unlimited word books and add any words to it! Select a word book before starting memorizing or the default (All words) will be selected.

You can import and export the wordlist in the format of .xlsx table files, it's so easy and simple!  

Words can be displayed in a list on webpage. You will be able to modify the list on webpage in the future.  

New users can only be invited by old users to prevent abuse, so they must enter an invitation code when registering. (You can allow any user to register by modifying the code)  
All users have their rights to download their data stored on the server or delete their account and wipe their data permanently.  

I'm hosting it on my own server and you can press [this link](https://word.charles14.xyz/) to get there.  
The website is archived by Wayback Machine for future offline functions (And if my server is offline, CloudFlare will display that archive)

## More Info

Please open an issue if you met any bugs during the use.  
You could also open an issue for good suggestions and I'll decide whether to add it.  
**This product can also be used to memorize any other thing such as formulas in Math!**
